.\" Manpage created by Marcin Owsiany <porridge@debian.org>
.TH EKG2-REMOTE "1" 2008-03-05 "User Commands"
.SH NAME
ekg2-remote \- remote User Interface for EKG2

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ekg2-remote
.RI [ OPTIONS ]
REMOTE-ENDPOINT

.SH DESCRIPTION

.B ekg2-remote
is a program which provides a remote user interface to an EKG2 instance that
uses the "remote" plugin. It connects to EKG2 via a socket, and lets you use
the program as if it was running locally.
.sp 1
The motivation behind this program was to be able to use EKG2 on a low
performance machine with limited memory and CPU resources.

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
.BI \-c \fR,\  \-\-charset =CHARSET
forces the charset name to use,

.TP
.BI \-p \fR,\  \-\-password =PASSWORD
sets the password,

.TP
.BI \-T \fR,\  \-\-test =FRONTEND
runs in test mode (for debugging), using
.I FRONTEND
user interface (default is ncurses),

.TP
.BI \-F \fR,\  \-\-frontend =FRONTEND
uses
.I FRONTEND
user interface (default is ncurses),

.TP
.BR \-m ,\  \-\-no-mouse
does not load mouse support,

.TP
.BR \-U ,\  \-\-unicode
forces unicode support,

.TP
.BR \-h ,\  \-\-help
displays a help message,

.TP
.BR \-v ,\  \-\-version
displays program version and exits

.P
.I ENDPOINT
specifies the EKG2 instance to connect to. The following are accepted:

.TP
.BI tcp: address : port
cleartext TCP/IP connection to given
.I address
and
.I port

.TP
.BI tcps: address : port
SSL-encrypted TCP/IP connection to given
.I address
and
.I port

.TP
.BI udp: address : port
UDP/IP connection to given
.I address
and
.I port

.TP
.BI unix: socket-path
local (UNIX) connection to given
.I socket-path

.TP
.BI pipe: fifo-path
local (pipe) connection to given
.IR fifo-path .
Currently unsupported.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR ekg2 (1).
The full documentation for
.B ekg2
is maintained as a Docbook manual.  See
.B http://ekg2.org/ekg2book/
for an online version.
